#labels Phase-Reference
#summary GEarthExtensions.edit Namespace Reference
Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/edit/__init__.js src/edit/__init__.js]
Contains methods for allowing user-interactive editing of features inside the Google Earth Plugin.
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />









----
=Static Methods=

==drawLineString(lineString, options, finishCallback)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/edit/linepoly.js src/edit/linepoly.js]

Enters a mode in which the user can draw the given line string geometry on the globe by clicking on the globe to create coordinates. To cancel the placement, use GEarthExtensions#edit.endEditLineString. This is similar in intended usage to GEarthExtensions#edit.place.


===Parameters:===

  * *lineString* _{{{KmlLineString}}}|{{{KmlLinearRing}}}_  The line string geometry to allow the user to draw (or append points to).
  * *options* _{{{Object}}}_ (Optional) The edit options.
    * *bounce* _{{{Boolean}}}_ (Optional) Whether or not to enable bounce effects while drawing coordinates.
  * *finishCallback* _{{{Function}}}_  A callback to fire when drawing is successfully completed (via double click or by clicking on the first coordinate again).

----

==editLineString(lineString, options)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/edit/linepoly.js src/edit/linepoly.js]

Allows the user to edit the coordinates of the given line string by dragging existing points, splitting path segments/creating new points or deleting existing points.


===Parameters:===

  * *lineString* _{{{KmlLineString}}}|{{{KmlLinearRing}}}_  The line string or lienar ring geometry to edit. For KmlPolygon geometries, pass in an outer or inner boundary.
  * *options* _{{{Object}}}_ (Optional) The line string edit options.
    * *editCallback* _{{{Function}}}_ (Optional) A callback function to fire when the line string coordinates have changed due to user interaction.

----

==endDraggable(placemark)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/edit/dragging.js src/edit/dragging.js]

Ceases the draggability of the given placemark. If the placemark is in the process of being placed via GEarthExtensions#edit.place, the placement is cancelled.


===Parameters:===

  * *placemark*   

----

==endEditLineString(lineString)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/edit/linepoly.js src/edit/linepoly.js]

Ceases the ability for the user to edit or draw the given line string.


===Parameters:===

  * *lineString*   

----

==makeDraggable(placemark, options)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/edit/dragging.js src/edit/dragging.js]

Turns on draggability for the given point placemark.


===Parameters:===

  * *placemark* _{{{KmlPlacemark}}}_  The point placemark to enable dragging on.
  * *options* _{{{Object}}}_ (Optional) The draggable options.
    * *bounce* _{{{Boolean}}}_ (Optional) Whether or not to bounce up upon dragging and bounce back down upon dropping.
    * *dragCallback* _{{{Function}}}_ (Optional) A callback function to fire continuously while dragging occurs.
    * *dropCallback* _{{{Function}}}_ (Optional) A callback function to fire once the placemark is successfully dropped.
    * *draggingStyle* _{{{StyleOptions}}}|{{{KmlStyle}}}_ (Optional) The style options to apply to the placemark while dragging.
    * *targetScreenOverlay* _{{{ScreenOverlayOptions}}}|{{{KmlScreenOverlay}}}_ (Optional) A screen overlay to use as a drop target indicator (i.e. a bullseye) while dragging.

----

==place(placemark, options)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/edit/dragging.js src/edit/dragging.js]

Enters a mode in which the user can place the given point placemark onto the globe by clicking on the globe. To cancel the placement, use GEarthExtensions#edit.endDraggable.


===Parameters:===

  * *placemark* _{{{KmlPlacemark}}}_  The point placemark for the user to place onto the globe.
  * *options* _{{{Object}}}_ (Optional) The draggable options. See GEarthExtensions#edit.makeDraggable.




