#labels Phase-Reference
#summary GEarthExtensions.view Namespace Reference

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/view/_header.js src/view/_header.js]

This class/namespace hybrid contains various camera/view related.

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

----
=Static Methods=

==createBoundsView(bounds, options)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/view/boundsview.js src/view/boundsview.js]

Creates a KmlAbstractView from a bounding box.

===Parameters:===
  * *bounds* _{{{geo.Bounds}}}_  The bounding box for which to create a view.
  * *options* _{{{Object}}}_  The parameters of the bounds view.
    * *aspectRatio* _{{{Number}}}_  The aspect ratio (width : height) of the plugin viewport.
    * *defaultRange* _{{{Number}}}_ (Optional, Default: 1000) The default lookat range to use when creating a view for a degenerate, single-point bounding box.
    * *rangeMultiplier* _{{{Number}}}_ (Optional, Default: 1.5) A scaling factor by which to multiple the lookat range.

===Type:===
{{{KmlAbstractView}}}

----

==createVantageView(cameraPoint, lookAtPoint)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/view/vantageview.js src/view/vantageview.js]

Creates an abstract view with the viewer at the given camera point, looking towards the given look at point. For best results, use ALTITUDE_ABSOLUTE camera and look at points.

===Parameters:===
  * *cameraPoint* _{{{PointOptions}}}|{{{geo.Point}}}_  The viewer location.
  * *lookAtPoint* _{{{PointOptions}}}|{{{geo.Point}}}_  The location to look at/towards.

===Type:===
{{{KmlAbstractView}}}

----

==deserialize(viewString)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/view/serialization.js src/view/serialization.js]

Sets the current plugin viewport to the view represented by the given string.

===Parameters:===
  * *viewString* _{{{String}}}_  The modified base64 alphabet string representing the view to fly to. This string should've previously been calculated using [GEarthExtensionsViewReference#serialize() GEarthExtensions#view.serialize].

----

==serialize()==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/view/serialization.js src/view/serialization.js]

Serializes the current plugin viewport into a modified base64 alphabet string. This method is platform and browser agnostic, and is safe to store and distribute to others.

===Type:===
{{{String}}}

===Returns:===

_{{{String}}}_ A string representing the current viewport.

===See:===

http://code.google.com/apis/maps/documentation/include/polyline.js
    for inspiration.

----

==setToBoundsView()==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/view/boundsview.js src/view/boundsview.js]

Creates a bounds view and sets it as the Earth plugin's view. This function takes the same parameters as [GEarthExtensionsViewReference#createBoundsView(bounds,_options) GEarthExtensions#view.createBoundsView].

