#labels Phase-Reference
#summary GEarthExtensions.fx Namespace Reference

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/fx/__init__.js src/fx/__init__.js]

Contains various animation/effects tools for use in the Google Earth API.

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

----
=Static Methods=

==animateProperty(object, property, options)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/fx/objanim.js src/fx/objanim.js]

Animate a numeric property on a plugin object.

===Parameters:===
  * *object* _{{{KmlObject}}}_  The plugin object whose property to animate.
  * *property* _{{{String}}}_  The property to animate. This should match 1:1 to the getter/setter methods on the plugin object. For example, to animate a KmlPoint latitude, pass in `latitude`, since the getter/setters are `getLatitude` and `setLatitude`.
  * *options* _{{{Object}}}_  The property animation options.
    * *duration* _{{{Number}}}_ (Optional, Default: 500) The duration, in milliseconds, of the animation.
    * *start* _{{{Number}}}_ (Optional) The value of the property to set at the start of the animation.
    * *end* _{{{Number}}}_ (Optional) The desired end value of the property.
    * *delta* _{{{Number}}}_ (Optional) If end is not specified, you may set this to the desired change in the property value.
    * *easing* _{{{String}}}|{{{Function}}}_ (Optional, Default: 'none') The easing function to use during the animation. Valid values are 'none', 'in', 'out', or 'both'. Alternatively, an easy function mapping `[0.0, 1.0] -> [0.0, 1.0]` can be specified. No easing is `f(x) = x`.

----

==bounce(placemark, options)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/fx/bounce.js src/fx/bounce.js]

Bounce a placemark once.

===Parameters:===
  * *placemark*   
  * *options*   

----

==cancel(feature)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/fx/objanim.js src/fx/objanim.js]

Cancel all animations on a given feature, potentially leaving them in an intermediate visual state.

===Parameters:===
  * *feature*   

----

==rewind(feature)==

Defined in [http://code.google.com/p/earth-api-utility-library/source/browse/trunk/extensions/src/fx/objanim.js src/fx/objanim.js]

Cancel all animations on a given feature and revert them to their t = 0 state.

===Parameters:===
  * *feature*   

